README.md, before:

# ATM10-Configs

## Config Changes

### Actually Additions

- Disabled update check

### Advanced Peripherals

- Disabled command running via chat box

### Applied Energistics 2

- Enabled flawless meteor generation only

### Amendments

- Enabled direct block dying (right click block with dye)

### Ars Nouveau

- Disabled Wilden Chimera dive bomb block damage

### Chunky

- Enabled continue on restart

### Comforts

- Enabled hammock use during DAY and NIGHT
- Enabled phantom spawning while using hammocks

### ComputerCraft

- Disabled the HTTP API

### Construction Stick

- Enabled angel falling block placing

### Crash Utilities

- ~~Enabled FTB loaded chunk removal after 7 days (will unload any force loaded chunks. Does not unclaim them)~~ - Handled by FTB Chunks

### Enderman Overhaul

- Disabled enderman block pickup

### Explorers Compass

- Enabled admin teleporting to located structures

### ExtraStorage

- Enabled uniformly distributed processing

### Flux Networks

- Limited network creation to 2 per-player for non super admins (Default: 5)
- Increased required OP level from 1 to 3 for super admin activation

### FTB Chunks

- Enabled location mode override (all players will appear on map regardless of team setting)
- Changed PvP setting to per-team
- ~~Reduced max claimed chunks per player to 50~~
- Increased max claimed chunks per player from 50 to 90 - *Requested by Mr. Sir* - June 10th, 2025
- ~~Reduced max force loaded chunks per player to 15~~
- Increased max force loaded chunks per player to 30 from 15 - *Requested by Mr. Sir* - June 10th, 2025
- Increased idle player unclaim time from 0 days to 30 days (Any player who has not joined in more than 30 days will have all claimed chunks unclaimed)
- Changed party chunk limit mode to SUM
- Increased idle player unload time from 0 days to 7 days (Any player who has not joined in more than 7 days will have all force loaded chunks unloaded)
- Changed long range player visibility from allies to public
- Changed default force load mode to "always" from "default" - *Requested by Mr. Sir* - June 10th, 2025

### FTB Essentials

- Disabled /nick command
- Increased /back cooldown from 30 to 60 seconds
- Increased /back warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /home cooldown from 10 to 30 seconds
- Increased /home warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased maximum homes to 2 from 1
- Reduced /rtp cooldown from 10 to 5 minutes
- Increased /rtp warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /spawn warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /tpa cooldown from 10 to 30 seconds
- Increased /tpa warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /warp cooldown from 10 to 30 seconds
- Increased /warp warmup from 0 to 5 seconds

### FTBX Mod Compatibility

- Changed default permission handler to FTB Ranks

### Gravestone

- Enabled obituaries

### Industrial Foregoing

- Disabled donation link inside machines

### Iron's Spellbooks

- Disabled black hole spell

### Jamlib / Advanced Peripherals

- Disabled command running via chat box

### JEI

- Changed admin give mode to INVENTORY from MOUSE_PICKUP
- Enabled cheat mode for players with /give permission

### JourneyMap

- Disabled Server Admin UI

### Lootr

- Disable checking for lootr chests beyond the world border
- Disabled breaking (except when sneaking in creative)
- Enabled immunity
- Disabled refresh messaging

### Mekanism

- Enabled opaque transmitters
- Disabled chunk loading using an anchor upgrade or dimensional stabilizer
- Disabled aesthetic world damage
- Increased rate of Solar Neutron Activator from 256 to 512
- Enabled strict unboxing (prevents block vaporization)
- Decreased multiplier of silk touch mode for digital miner from 12 to 10
- ~~Increased tick time between mine from 80 to 100~~
- Decreased tick time between mine from 100 to 20 - June 3rd, 2025
- Enabled security system Admin bypass to allow CW Admins to interact with all Mekanism machines

### MFFS

- Disabled electricity

### MineColonies

- Disabled force loading
- Enabled workers during rainstorms - *Requested by Doruaraebe* - May 26th, 2025

### Mob Grinding Utils

- Enabled stronger fan blades

### Nature's Aura

- Disabled chunk loader block

### Nature's Compass

- Enabled admin teleporting to located biomes

### NeoForge

- Disabled LAN advertisement

### No Chat Reports

- Enabled always hide report button
- Enabled always hide signing request message
- Default signing mode changed from PROMPT to ALWAYS
- Force all clients to have No Chat Reports installed

### Pneumaticcraft

- Disabled security station hacking

### Pylons

- Disabled chunkloading of infusion pylon

### Quary Plus

- Disabled chunkloading of all quarry blocks

### Reqliquary

- Increased Fertile Lilypad growth range from 5 to 10
- Increased maximum growth strength range from 1 to 10
- Decreased seconds between growth ticks from 10 to 3

### RFTools Builder

- Disabled chunkloading of quarry

### Security Craft

- Enabled FTB Teams ownership

### ServerCore

- Blocked players from moving into unloaded chunks
- Reduced auto-save interval to 60 from 300
- Reduced villager ticking if villager is stuck in 1x1 space
- Enabled dynamic performance checks
- Enabled command block parse caching
- Enabled fast biome lookups
- Disabled duplicate fluid ticking

### Sophisticated Storage

- Disabled packing tape (all storages drop packed upon breaking)

### Spark

- Enabled background profiler

### Tombstone

- Disabled tomb unlocking after PvP kill

### Trophy Manager

- Disabled Non-OP trophy modification

### Twilight Forest

- Enabled casket locking
- ~~Disabled portal creation (will be enabled at a later date based on community progression)~~ - *Requested by ClickWell* - June 6th, 2025

### Waystones

- Enabled placing global waystones by players not in creative - *Requested by ClickWell* - May 27th, 2025

Commit message:

change digi miner energy capacity

README.md, after:

# ATM10-Configs

## Config Changes

### Actually Additions

- Disabled update check

### Advanced Peripherals

- Disabled command running via chat box

### Applied Energistics 2

- Enabled flawless meteor generation only

### Amendments

- Enabled direct block dying (right click block with dye)

### Ars Nouveau

- Disabled Wilden Chimera dive bomb block damage

### Chunky

- Enabled continue on restart

### Comforts

- Enabled hammock use during DAY and NIGHT
- Enabled phantom spawning while using hammocks

### ComputerCraft

- Disabled the HTTP API

### Construction Stick

- Enabled angel falling block placing

### Crash Utilities

- ~~Enabled FTB loaded chunk removal after 7 days (will unload any force loaded chunks. Does not unclaim them)~~ - Handled by FTB Chunks

### Enderman Overhaul

- Disabled enderman block pickup

### Explorers Compass

- Enabled admin teleporting to located structures

### ExtraStorage

- Enabled uniformly distributed processing

### Flux Networks

- Limited network creation to 2 per-player for non super admins (Default: 5)
- Increased required OP level from 1 to 3 for super admin activation

### FTB Chunks

- Enabled location mode override (all players will appear on map regardless of team setting)
- Changed PvP setting to per-team
- ~~Reduced max claimed chunks per player to 50~~
- Increased max claimed chunks per player from 50 to 90 - *Requested by Mr. Sir* - June 10th, 2025
- ~~Reduced max force loaded chunks per player to 15~~
- Increased max force loaded chunks per player to 30 from 15 - *Requested by Mr. Sir* - June 10th, 2025
- Increased idle player unclaim time from 0 days to 30 days (Any player who has not joined in more than 30 days will have all claimed chunks unclaimed)
- Changed party chunk limit mode to SUM
- Increased idle player unload time from 0 days to 7 days (Any player who has not joined in more than 7 days will have all force loaded chunks unloaded)
- Changed long range player visibility from allies to public
- Changed default force load mode to "always" from "default" - *Requested by Mr. Sir* - June 10th, 2025

### FTB Essentials

- Disabled /nick command
- Increased /back cooldown from 30 to 60 seconds
- Increased /back warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /home cooldown from 10 to 30 seconds
- Increased /home warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased maximum homes to 2 from 1
- Reduced /rtp cooldown from 10 to 5 minutes
- Increased /rtp warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /spawn warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /tpa cooldown from 10 to 30 seconds
- Increased /tpa warmup from 0 to 5 seconds
- Increased /warp cooldown from 10 to 30 seconds
- Increased /warp warmup from 0 to 5 seconds

### FTBX Mod Compatibility

- Changed default permission handler to FTB Ranks

### Gravestone

- Enabled obituaries

### Industrial Foregoing

- Disabled donation link inside machines

### Iron's Spellbooks

- Disabled black hole spell

### Jamlib / Advanced Peripherals

- Disabled command running via chat box

### JEI

- Changed admin give mode to INVENTORY from MOUSE_PICKUP
- Enabled cheat mode for players with /give permission

### JourneyMap

- Disabled Server Admin UI

### Lootr

- Disable checking for lootr chests beyond the world border
- Disabled breaking (except when sneaking in creative)
- Enabled immunity
- Disabled refresh messaging

### Mekanism

- Enabled opaque transmitters
- Disabled chunk loading using an anchor upgrade or dimensional stabilizer
- Disabled aesthetic world damage
- Increased rate of Solar Neutron Activator from 256 to 512
- Enabled strict unboxing (prevents block vaporization)
- Decreased multiplier of silk touch mode for digital miner from 12 to 10
- ~~Increased tick time between mine from 80 to 100~~ - June 3rd, 2025
- Decreased tick time between mine from 100 to 20 - June 3rd, 2025
- Enabled security system Admin bypass to allow CW Admins to interact with all Mekanism machines
- Increased maximum energy capacity of Digital Miner to 150000 from 50000 - August 28th, 2025

### MFFS

- Disabled electricity

### MineColonies

- Disabled force loading
- Enabled workers during rainstorms - *Requested by Doruaraebe* - May 26th, 2025

### Mob Grinding Utils

- Enabled stronger fan blades

### Nature's Aura

- Disabled chunk loader block

### Nature's Compass

- Enabled admin teleporting to located biomes

### NeoForge

- Disabled LAN advertisement

### No Chat Reports

- Enabled always hide report button
- Enabled always hide signing request message
- Default signing mode changed from PROMPT to ALWAYS
- Force all clients to have No Chat Reports installed

### Pneumaticcraft

- Disabled security station hacking

### Pylons

- Disabled chunkloading of infusion pylon

### Quary Plus

- Disabled chunkloading of all quarry blocks

### Reqliquary

- Increased Fertile Lilypad growth range from 5 to 10
- Increased maximum growth strength range from 1 to 10
- Decreased seconds between growth ticks from 10 to 3

### RFTools Builder

- Disabled chunkloading of quarry

### Security Craft

- Enabled FTB Teams ownership

### ServerCore

- Blocked players from moving into unloaded chunks
- Reduced auto-save interval to 60 from 300
- Reduced villager ticking if villager is stuck in 1x1 space
- Enabled dynamic performance checks
- Enabled command block parse caching
- Enabled fast biome lookups
- Disabled duplicate fluid ticking

### Sophisticated Storage

- Disabled packing tape (all storages drop packed upon breaking)

### Spark

- Enabled background profiler

### Tombstone

- Disabled tomb unlocking after PvP kill

### Trophy Manager

- Disabled Non-OP trophy modification

### Twilight Forest

- Enabled casket locking
- ~~Disabled portal creation (will be enabled at a later date based on community progression)~~ - *Requested by ClickWell* - June 6th, 2025

### Waystones

- Enabled placing global waystones by players not in creative - *Requested by ClickWell* - May 27th, 2025
